Assignment 2 asks you to build a graphical user interface that allows the user to view information about an
NFL season schedule. The tool makes use of data from the 2013 NFL season.
With this assignmnet are three data files:
1) NFL_2013.csv: Each row in the file contains information regarding a unique game played in the 2013
NFL season. Information included in each row are Week, Visiting Team, Home Team, Game Date,
Game Time and Television Network.

2) Teams.txt: The file contains the 32 NFL teams that participated in the 2013 NFL Season. Each row
contains a unique team code (Strings of length 2 or 3 ).

3) Networks.txt: The file contains the 5 television networks that broadcasted games in 2013. Each row
contins a unique network name.

Your program should create a GUI for the user that allows the following functionality:
a) Displays all games shown on a specific network AFTER the user chooses the specific network they are
interested in. The game information shown should include all fields provided in the CSV file.

b) Displays the entire schedule for a specific team AFTER the user chooses the team they are interested
in. The information shown should include all fields provided in the CSV file.

c) Allows the user to press a GUI control which executes a method that calculates the number of games
played on EACH of the 5 networks (in all of 2013) and displays the result in the GUI.

d) Allows the user to select a game and update the DATE and TIME (only those two fields) of that game.
Your program must use (at the minimum) the following controls:
• Button
• Label
• TextField
• ListView
Of course, you are welcome to use any other control in addition to these.
Note that you must use Java FX to complete this assignment. You are also required to use OpenCSV to
read the CSV file. You should create class(es) that coincide with the data you are provided, but there are no
specific requirements in that regard. This is intentionally an open-ended assignment for you to use the skills
you have learned in the best way you see fit. There are many correct ways to accomplish what is required.
